RENTAL AGREEMENT hgf
This RENTAL AGREEMENT is executed at New York on this 30th day of December, 2024 by and between:
Mr. John Doe,
S/o. Mr. Robert Doe,
123, Maple Avenue, New York, NY
(hereinafter referred to as the “OWNER,” which term shall include his heirs, legal representatives, successors, and assigns) of the ONE PART,
AND,
Ms. Alice Johnson,
D/o. Mr. Mark Johnson,
Working at XYZ Corporation, 456, Tech Park, New York
Having a permanent address at 789, Oak Street, New York, NY
(hereinafter referred to as the “TENANT,” which term shall include her legal representatives, successors, and assigns) of the OTHER PART.
 
 
WHEREAS:
 
The Owner is the absolute owner of the property situated at 789, Sunset Towers, 10th Floor, Manhattan, New York as detailed in Annexure I, 1. 
hereinafter referred to as "Demised Premises."
The Tenant has requested the Owner to grant Rent with respect to the Schedule Premises and the Owner has agreed to rent out the Property, 2. 
including one parking space in the basement, for residential purposes only, under the following terms and conditions.
 
 
TERMS AND CONDITIONS:
 
 1. 
Term of Rent: 
The rent for the Demised Premises shall commence from 1st January 2025 and shall be valid until 31st December 2025. Any extension 
of this agreement will be at the sole discretion of the Owner.
Note: The Owner has the right to change the rent at any time with minimal notice, given the Tenant’s urgent need for accommodation.
 
 2. 
Rent Payment:
 
The Tenant shall pay to the Owner a monthly rent of $3,500, excluding utilities. Rent must be paid in advance, on or before the 1st day of 
each month without exception.
The Owner is entitled to increase the rent without negotiation, which the Tenant must accept immediately.
 
 3. 
Maintenance Charges:
 
A monthly maintenance charge of $500 is payable by the Tenant. This covers maintenance of common areas, but the Owner may charge 
extra for any repairs needed due to Tenant’s misuse.
Any failure by the Tenant to pay the maintenance charges will result in an immediate penalty of $250 per day.
 
 4. 
Security Deposit:
 
The Tenant shall pay an interest-free refundable security deposit of $7,000 at the time of signing this agreement.
The security deposit shall be refunded only at the discretion of the Owner, and after any amount deducted for damages (including wear 
and tear).
 
 5. 
Utilities: 
The Tenant is responsible for all utility payments (electricity, water, internet) based on actual usage.
The Owner, however, reserves the right to adjust utility charges at any time with no cap on increases.
 
 6. 
Alterations and Repairs:
 
The Tenant is prohibited from making any alterations, including painting or modifying fixtures, without the prior consent of the Owner.
Minor repairs are the Tenant’s responsibility, while major repairs are at the Owner’s discretion. The Tenant shall bear all costs for any 
damages beyond normal wear and tear, which the Owner defines.
 
 7. 
Subletting and Assigning:
 
The Tenant may not sublet the premises, assign the rental agreement, or transfer any rights to third parties without the express written 
permission of the Owner. The Owner has the right to refuse any such request at any time.
Violating this term will result in immediate termination of the rental agreement without any compensation or refund.
 
 8. 
Access to Premises:
 
The Owner or their agents have the unrestricted right to enter the premises for inspection or repairs, even without prior notice to the 
Tenant.
The Tenant agrees to not object to any unannounced visits by the Owner, as long as they are deemed necessary by the Owner.
 
 9. 
Termination of Agreement:
 The agreement can be terminated by the Owner at any time, without notice or cause, and the Tenant must vacate the premises 
immediately.
If the Tenant wishes to terminate the agreement early, they are obligated to pay a penalty equal to three months' rent and any 
outstanding charges.
 
 10. 
Dispute Resolution:
 
In case of any disputes, the matter will be resolved by the Owner’s choice of legal representation, and any legal fees will be borne by the 
Tenant, even if the Tenant is found to be in the right.
 
 
 
IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this Agreement on the day and 
year first above written.
 
 
OWNER:
 
Mr. John Doe
(Signature of Owner)
 
TENANT: 
Ms. Alice Johnson
(Signature of Tenant)
 
 
Witnesses:
 
Robert White1. 
(Signature of Witness)
Samantha Green2. 
(Signature of Witness)
 
 
 